 I think we're good to start. Alright, so before we start and jump into the actual subject, I just wanted to quickly take a stop off. Amar, are you involved in any other proposal besides this, SIB? Sorry, Amar? Are you involved in any other proposal besides SIB? No, no, I'm not. What about you, Aditya? No, Amar. Adnivo, I believe you are already involved in CPOE. How will you manage both? And client delivery at the same time? I don't know. No, what do you mean by not sure, Aditya? I can try to manage it with the time with both of them. Without impacting client delivery? Yes, sir. Okay, I'm going. Burn yourself out. If you feel that it's getting a little too much, be proactive. That's fine. Heather, what about you? Sir, this is the only proposal. And Khushi, what about you? This is the only proposal. Okay, perfect. Do we need more than this, Pakyak? I don't think so. No, we don't, Amit. We've actually had split it into four channels. The fifth one, the sixth RFP on the cards has not come through. But we were planning to do the four except for finance and admin. Everything else has been split between Adnivo and Aditya, with Eliane managing the overall proposal. And Amar and Heather have been tagged to Aditya and Adnivo to take this forward. On Adnivo's involvement in the CPUAE, I think that happened because SIP was a little on the back burner in between because of the client not giving us an appointment. But the initial plan when Adnivo was signed up, he had nothing on the plate. Okay. All right, then. So, I'm sure all of you have gone through the RFPs, guys. And after your meeting, after your assessment, are you guys clear about the requirement or you have doubts in your mind? I have some doubts. We have doubts. I have doubts. Okay. Go ahead, then. Amar, I see. So, sir, in terms of deliverables, they've defined multiple deliverables which seem to overlap. So, I think if we can get a clear picture of what each deliverable will have, so that would help. Otherwise, in our overall picture, it's just a maturity assessment. A current state assessment with control testing, basically. So, that's my idea. Okay. We will be able to cover that, Amar, for you. What about others? Aditya, have you gone through the RFP? Yes, it is clear. Just that I also want to know, Pratyak said some notes during the meeting. So, I would like to know what updates the client had given. Okay. What about you, Adnivo? Other questions? It's clear. I worked on the approach and methodology for one vertical. Just wanted to check if that is covering the entire proposed scope. Okay. We will come to that as we go along the discussion. Edath, Adnivo? Same thing. The clarifications were required for the client. So, that's something. Okay. So, Pratik, you want to give a download of our discussion? Yes. Okay. So, I will give a download of our discussion. Okay. So, I will give a download of our discussion. Okay. So, Pratik, you want to give a download of our discussion? Yes. So, I will give a download of our discussion yesterday with the client and subsequent discussion between you, me and Vikas so that everybody is very clear and understand the ask. Please do provide the background of all the discussions that have happened with the FIB and how this is being constructed. I am happy to do it if you want me to. Sure. We do have a square. No problem. Either of us, we can probably pitch in. I think you, me and I have been in conversation with the client for about 5-6 months now. So, very quickly. Okay. So, we are going to go to the next question. Okay. So, we have been, we have had a few conversations earlier. So, background which does not affect the RFP is that 10 years ago, FIB had bought out HSBC in Oman. That is an old story that does not affect the outcome but just to give a construction in which way the bank has been set up. FIB has moved from the fourth market share to second market share in Oman per se and they have got outfits across the Middle East in different countries with one or two branch of the bank. So, they have been in discussion with us for doing a risk assessment across different channels from treasury to payments to basically they were looking at a risk assessment from a thematic point of view with each product or with each payment engine built in scope. That has then gone to a back burner and the client has gone for an overall risk assessment across 12 parameters in the bank. Five of which they have released the RFP for the sixth one for card which is expected any time soon. What the RFP basically entails is action across three items which is pillar one, two and three. Not necessarily in the same sequence as the client has put it but what they are asking us to do is they are saying that we across the five RFPs that they have given, they have actually given us 232 June 1st. They have specified施指数 in the last 15 to 16 days. So, for that they have declared a 10零19 ref funnel through ФПП that would allow as asmith company to give funds to ref stream aka remain short of contract between two of the 10 nous restrictions. This means that they are not offering classical remittances to FPP's let alone to the were requesting them for good results. Then FPP's told us, that we must comply with. Pillar 1, assess our existing exchange situation, our existing channels, our existing teams and benchmark them against the pillar 2. That's kind of a gap assessment report. Number 3, with recommendations and number 4 as part of pillar 3, come back with a future state of how the bank should run. Now this is going to span everything from procedures, policies, all the way till headcount in terms of JD definitions, in terms of how a bank should run. And this is our conversation yesterday. The client softly mentioned that he's also okay to hear from us whether a particular branch, for example, should have corporate and retail managed by the same people or corporate managed separately, retail managed separately, so on and so forth. That's a quick report. Summary of the last 10 months. Amit? Thanks, Pupak. So guys, just to add and build up a little bit of more masala to the entire discussions, right? So the first proposal that we submitted to them was on conducting an enterprise-wide risk assessment for all their payment processes. Subsequently, they came back asking that they want a focused end-to-end assessment of their few departments, their compliance and internal audit. And eventually, they merged the scopes, so both of them, and expanded the scope and is what they have said. For all practical purposes, what they have said in the RFPs and in the annexures is a super-duper chat GPT done by somebody in the bank, further enhanced by somebody in the bank with chat GPT, and further enhanced by somebody in the bank by chat GPT. Thanks. You will find a lot of anomalies. A lot of overlaps and a lot of repetition in all documents. They have also not done their due diligence with respect to, they're talking about branch as a function, but they're talking about some other functions or elements of some other functions and that and so on and henceforth. The converse is also true. So the most important aspect, unlike any other RFPs where we want to follow it into the plane, I would actually give a little bit of a discount to the extent of 30-40%. So, I would say that we would be giving a discount of 30-40% to what is written in the RFP and we want you to focus on understanding what exactly is required to be done and what is the end output the client is looking at. Okay. And the approach in terms of how we're going to be delivering it. And I will spend about next 8-10 minutes on that. Feel free to stop me in between and ask any questions, doubts, or alternate suggestions you may have. So we go into, I'll take one other example. We go into, you know, we go into, you know, we go into, you know, we go into, you know, we go into, you know, we go into, you know, let's say, Treasury as a business, Treasury as a function, Treasury typically has front office, mid office, and back office. We look at all what is done within the Treasury world. As a first step, we will list down the dimensions and sub-dimensions that will be reviewed as part of our maturity assessment of Treasury function. Now, within the RFPs and certain annexures, they have provided you a list of dimensions and sub-dimensions. And these are the nomenclatures we need to use going forward even in our proposal. They have provided those details within the RFP, but they may not be comprehensive or they may be overlapping. It could be different case for different function. So, the ask from our side would be very clear that we need to list down the dimensions and sub-dimensions. Which is comprehensive enough and covers the entire pin to plane of Treasury function. Once we have listed that down, we also need to map as a second step the regulatory environment and the international standards that may impact Treasury as a function or which Treasury as a function should adhere to. So, there will be a set of CBK, CBO laws. There will be set of any other local standards which they need to follow if they are regulated. And then, like ESCA, ADGM, ADQ, does Oman also have something on the regulated entities, listed entities rather? Yeah, there is. I think Oman is also called ESCA, the Capital Market Authority. Just give you one second. Yeah. So, the regulations around that and the international standards whether it could be Basel, Koso or any other standards or even the high level ISOs. What you see in the RFP and in the annexure D if I am not wrong, a universe or a plethora of regulations and standards which they have listed down. What we have agreed with the client is that this does not make sense. We will never be able to end the exercise if we were to look at 30, 40, 50 different standards. They may be principally the same but the approach or the controls or the nuances could be very different. The entire assessment will become very subjective and hence we would want to limit and restrict it to the local laws as well as to the local standards. So, we have agreed with the client that we will not be able to end the exercise if we were to limit and restrict it to the local laws as well as few international standards which are largely imbibed, followed by everyone. So, they have kind of agreed to that and that is what we need to articulate within our approach methodology slide as well. Once I have done the entire mapping of dimensions, sub-dimensions and the benchmarking that I will do with respect to regulatory context, that becomes my first deliverable. This is coming back to what Amar you were raising earlier. Yeah. So, my first deliverable for every function would be dimensions slash sub-dimensions and regulatory benchmarking which will define the scope or the review parameters for me. Once we have done that, we will then create a capability maturity model. I don't know how many of you have seen a capability maturity model or not but it is usually a 5 by 5 or a 5 by 6 matrix where you have on the left side or on the axis side, you have your level 1 to level 5. You can put any nomenclature to that, initial, advanced, optimizing, best in class, world standard, whatever. And on the right side which is the y-axis, you will have your dimensions which would be governance, policies, processes, data, systems, people, so on and henceforth. So, capability maturity model. So, capability maturity model would be defined as a second step by us for every function. Now, this CMM will be unique for a branch. These are for a finance function, these are this for a treasury function. Okay. So, that's the second step and that's your deliverable. The third would be your maturity assessment, right, where you actually do the maturity assessment of their function by looking at all the dimensions, sub-dimensions, comparing it, benchmarking it with the regulation, understanding if there are, you know, if there are, you know, if there are market intelligence or practices that needs to be brought in which they are not doing well and accordingly give a scoring of whether they stand at level 1 to level 5 and consolidate that scoring to come up at a governance, people, product level and then consolidate that again at a function level. This will give me an indication that treasury as a function is, let's say, at maturity 3. These are the different areas of improvement. These are the different areas of improvement. These are the different set of recommendations that productivity has provided. As and when they are implemented, they will move from level 3 which is, let's say, optimized to level 4 which is advanced. So far so good. Everybody clear on this? Yes. Yes. Very subdued yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. So, once you've done your maturity assessment and recommendations, you move to the next stage which is the evaluation. The next stage which is the pillar 3 is what they have defined is the future state operating model. Now, this is going to be more of a target operating model for all practical purposes where you will talk about what should be the overall structure of the function, basis ABC rationale, what should be the kind of people and the number of people that should be there, people in terms of skill sets and number in terms of capacity, what should be the overall governance mechanism, what should be the overall structure of the function, what should be the overall set of initiatives that they need to do from a people process technology standpoint. So, in the sum and substance if I was to call out, there are going to be four deliverables for every function. Number one being the scope, areas, dimensions and regulations. Number two, capability maturity model. Number three, maturity assessment and recommendation report that includes your design of test and design of effectiveness. Sorry, test of design and test of effectiveness. And the fourth and the last would be your future state target operating model. So, our six functions, five functions is what we are doing, 20 tangible deliverables is what we are leaving with them which will have a milestone each. The inlines for each of these functions will vary depending upon the length, breadth and width of the dimensions, sub-dimensions which they have already articulated and basis of intelligence and capability. So, we will be able to uplift, consolidate or merge. Typically, a treasury function could take anywhere between eight to ten weeks. A branch model, branch operations could take four to six weeks. Their finance function could go eight to ten weeks. Administration could go six to eight weeks. And which is the fifth one? Operations. Operations. Operations. Operations. Operations. Operations. Operations. Those operations will run in parallel, all the five assessments will run in parallel. And hence what we have agreed with the client is that our approach, our methodology, our steps to conduct this assessment will be linear across all the five functions. The difference being the dimensions, sub-dimensions and the subsequent regulations and the capability majority model. So, as a group, let's say if you are selected and you are the ones who are executing it, we will define all these on Day 0 and individually whoever is asked to take that day will perform individually whoever goes to whichever stream will be working on in the same speed same fashion the most important thing two most important things for all of you to understand and realize is when we talk about test of design and effectiveness right what is this this is your typical rcsa or a fraud risk assessment control testing where you assess the design of the control whether it is automated preventive so on and henceforth and you test the effectiveness by using a sampling methodology when we do this kind of a maturity assessment not everything is a control not everything can be tested as only for design or only for effectiveness or for both so it will vary from what you are testing so when you look at their procedures when you look at their sops and processes and workflows you will identify the controls are there but the controls may be tested against only design or may be tested against design and effectiveness both there will also be your feedback or assessment that will happen on people governance side of things where you would only be testing the design of the governance and not really the effectiveness of those components so these are some of the targets and assumptions that we need to capture when we define our approach methodology as well as when we list down all the assumptions second important thing that you should remember is from a technology standpoint we are not getting into the architecture of their systems so treasury is a function and vikas please come in because ask anybody who has a little better understanding of treasury as a function they will have as many as seven to eight different systems which are being used to execute their day-to-day tasks they will have something called code banking they will have something called trade platform they will have something called bloomberg they will have something called where they're doing their entire liquidity management side of things so on and henceforth we are not getting into the assessment of the architecture of those system security or vulnerability of those systems or even the overall time the system whether it is a good system bad system efficient system inefficient system and so on we're not getting into that space what we are doing with respect to their systems and applications is that i'm executing a transaction there is a maker checker the maker and checker is inbuilt within the system i am just confirming whether the checker is there in the system or it's outside the system so only to assess the efficacy and efficiency of my controls which are inherited within the system is where i'm getting into the system dimension side of things this is very important right this is where the entire OT can take place or this is where the entire I mean, non-specialized kind of work that can happen. Yes, Arsalan? I think you've covered that. One of the examples I can think of is, having been there before, when we are actually executing and even if we are writing this down, there will be, as Amit, you mentioned, there will be system-based manual controls and there will be fully automated controls. So when they pick tragedy or operation, any one of them, most of the processes will have an in and out of the system with controls before and after and potentially within the system. So there will be a, we need to be careful in terms of how deep we actually go into the system to understand that control. And then when you're actually about to do the testing, so fully automated one will be slightly different. You can have a system. You can have a small sample. Having said all of that, there will be instances where it is not necessarily very clear for us to say we're going to just draw the line here because it's system-based or it's not in the system. So absolutely spot on. I think we need to be on guard in terms of hopefully this can create a big... Yes, I'm sorry. We are creating a very important aspect. The third thing which also comes to my mind, which we need to be very conscious about is we are on 2nd of February. The proposal is due on 8th of February. I know there's lots happening around us. I understand the focus or the concentration is not at the utmost level for any one of us. I also understand there are technical delivery challenges that are happening at various client sites. But between now and 8th of February, there is a DRV that needs to take place. Now for the purpose of DRV, we all said and done what is the day on 8th. 8th is a Sunday. So that means at max the DRV needs to happen on 6th. So what we have is precisely today until Friday is when the DRV takes place to construct and stitch this entire proposal. For that to happen, couple of very important points all over the world. Historically, we have created proposals which have gone into 190 slides. Historically, we have gone too detailed, too deep with respect to approach, illustrations, CVs, contextualizing the CVs, so on and henceforth. Because we have written so much of content. Because we go too deep and we create so many slides, we are bound to create mistakes. We are bound to create mistakes or the entire QA process and the rework will be in crisis. We will have to do something differently this time around for us to optimize our time and our overall state of mind if I can use that nomenclature. And deliver something which is very succinct, very brief, but fit for purpose and clearly articulates our message. So our approach and methodology across the five functions remains the same. So our approach and methodology across the five functions remains the same. Point number one. Between all of you, you need to divide and conquer this. An individual who is working on credentials and CVs alone, as per the agreed form of the presentation, just focuses on that and gets that done and dusted at the earliest possible. Somebody who is working on narrating the entire scope, deliverables, focuses on that, including the timelines, team structure, gets that done. One person focuses on the approach and methodology, gets that done. One person focuses on the approach and methodology, gets that done. Last but not the least is the executive summary where we need to showcase our understanding of these five functions, our overall high level approach plan and the subsequent or the whatever slides which we have on the executive summary gets that done. Now for all of you to divide and conquer, you also need to align that your formats, your writing, your style, your fonts, everything has to be the same. So that there is no central responsibility of one person trying to correct a particular thing. So that there is no central responsibility of one person trying to correct a particular thing. And we don't need to come together three times during this week as a group and discuss, deliberate and do the feedbacks. So we work in a very agile fashion. Example, Amar, you're taking care of, let's say, the credentials and CVs. I think from our side, you also see all of us from the leadership, Vikas, Asim, Nandini, Pratyakshi, all into this because the same way we want this to be broken across five of you, the same way we have broken it across five of us. So that there is one thing. So that there is one-to-one mapping for each one of you and you work with that person and get that done. So, Amar, assuming you're responsible for credentials and CVs, I think Nandini is responsible for CVs and Vikas is responsible for credentials. Sit with them, work with them, go with their directions, close it out. Neither is Pratyakshi going to review that, neither is Amit going to review that. We will take care, I mean, Nandini and Vikas will take care of it with their end. Okay. Similarly for all of you. That's the way we need to operate. So that between now and let's say sometime in the future, we will be able to do that. So that between now and let's say sometime by Wednesday, which is two days from now, we have 80 to 90% of a structure, a proposal ready for the purpose of DRP. Does that make sense? Any thoughts, any concerns or challenges anybody of you foresee in this morning? Agreed. Makes sense. Silence is something I will take it positively. Usually I don't. But yeah, I will take it positively. So that's as far as see how we construct this. Now, for all practical purposes, this DRP will be a virtual DRP, not really an email DRP. So we need to be ready with the ERA forms, CRB forms, cash curve and all can be forgotten about at the moment because nobody seems to be asking that ever since Sanjeev stopped coming for it. And if they do ask for it, we'll apologize. But the other forms, let's get that done and dusted. Very quickly so that we don't have to waste time in queuing. That is what we usually land up doing. From an effort estimation standpoint, since there is also a dependency from our other team members, other practices, especially on administration and finance, we need to create a template similar to what Nagri Duet created on the Resilience side for Varun and Ritesh. I know that was not successful, but a similar template needs to be created. Please share that with us. We need to create a similar template so that they can do their effort estimation and the PT can be plotted accordingly. This is going to be a DRP one. I don't think so this will cross DRP two limits. I don't think so SIV will have that kind of an appetite as well. But give or take, I'm looking at anywhere between $700,000 to $800,000 as a number to begin with. I think that is what I wanted to communicate. If you've understood the scope, the deliverable mapping amount, the number of people who are involved, whatever Honda presents, whateverSQLhoop, it is very simple the small details. Moveups need to be done so in order to develop these new platforms and favorite to stop solving old systems. I think this is really important. Can you do a run-point protection if I may request you please? Again, this is absolutely re-ordered and not a secure item. I will not do a pre-ordered protection. So this is where we are. Yeah, but I am sorry to say the name of the firm is wrong. Yes, yes, yes, yes. Like I said, even this has not been contextualized, even the cover letter. Yeah, fair enough. The only thing is the putter firm of the firm is not Member Firm LLC Oman. It's a very different name because both the names write something, right? Yeah, so it is a license. I will share the details. It's a license arrangement in Oman. Oman has a very specific, peculiar arrangement for rotivity. So the legal firm and the nomenclature is a bit different. Yeah, anyway, sorry. No, no, no. Last time also in the presentation, I have that. I will share the details. So this is one, differentiators, objectives. Yeah, we need to change this pillar 1 to pillar 3 ordering as we agreed with the client. So this is basically how they want it done. The sequence of execution would be different. I don't know whether we should actually... Tell them how we're going to go about it. No, we should not. That's what we agreed with them. We need to articulate. See, I tell you, Pratyaksh, one of the reasons why I'm also very conscious of creating not more than a 50 slide deck and not focus too much on too many slides is, I mean, I'm not trying to be negative out here, but basis whatever discussion we have in the last six months with them, and yesterday he specifically called out once we submit, he will call us in for a in-person visit and a presentation. It will change again. Fair. Yeah, so we should go through one. In the moment, I want to discount, I'm not disregarding the RFP, but I'm discounting the RFP and giving my view of how this assessment will happen, including changing the nomenclature of execution across the franchise domain universe. Calling it at the right and then defining my steps as well at the same time. So that they understand what we're trying to do, how we're trying to do, and we will bind them with our approach, our scope. Because if we were to follow and focus on their RFP, then yeah, we might as well not do it. Right? Sure. Yeah, okay, continue. Our understanding, these are very critical slides, right? Our understanding of the global treasury group. Sorry, KSA is one of the international locations. They have presence in where they have treasury as a product and some of these retail purchase products. Most of the operations are centralized in Oman. As part of our review, that also is to be covered just for the benefit of everyone. Yes, and on that note, their out services are based in Bahrain, which is out of scope of the RFP. And also as we clarified. Yeah. I mean, I would like to see this broken down into front office, mid office, and back office for all practical purposes. And because I don't know, I was expecting you to ask that question yesterday, but I don't know, maybe we want to put it on a piece of paper and send it across, whether this entire modeling side of things are in scope, both from a treasury and a liquidity risk management, ALM side of things, their methodologies on the ICAP, ICAR, I don't know, what is the involvement of the treasury. No, no, no, this is, I thought about it a bit. I will just call it out in our assumptions that any, any model review, model annotation, or any computation is not a part of scope. This is where we cover that. We should not be then getting into elements like LCR, NFSR, ALM and prep, right? Yeah. Yeah. See, what is, what entails an illustration while we are covering ourself by writing the word illustrative, but I would also take a extra step here, Pratyaksh. I know things which I'm not going to cover. I don't want to even talk about it. No, but I have a different opinion on that one. I mean, I think that the executive summary is more of me flexing my intellectual side of things, saying I know this subject in and out. You just haven't given me the opportunity to cover it. That's fine. So the flip question is, supposing Vikas had asked that question and Chiranjeev said, yes, modeling side of thing is covered. We wouldn't let it go, right? We'd probably get the modeling team and say, go present. We'd probably get the modeling team and say, go present. We'd probably get the modeling team and say, go present. We'd probably get the modeling team and say, go present. You see, I'm trying to look at the final presentation of the . Pratyaksh, I agree with you. Pratyaksh, I agree with you. I've received an important allot right now for the benefit of everyone. There's an evacuation process which is starting. There is a registration that needs to happen. Which country? This is for Saudi at the moment. This is for Saudi at the moment. Saudi seems to be doing everything and they're now starting with an evacuation process. British Airways has initiated that. Is it evacuation? I have got alerts that suicide bombing is happening across Bahrain, Qatar. So that's the other alert that I got before this call. I haven't received anything. Asim, go on the sites and check. Asim, the sites. The Twitter accounts of the official embassies is what is broadcasting this information. So, just keep your hands up. Anyway, so I'll just quickly let this. My point is we have got the basics in order in terms of the overall scope. We have left two slides, one on the admin and one on the finance. Blank cards, I think we may have to drop on about. Drop. Yeah. And cards, actually, it's . I think not cards but that we'll drop this part which also means that whoever is managing the organization structure, the project governance, that will also change. Credentials, food deliverables. Approach . This is going to make things easier as you move along. You could also refer back to some of the old texts in the slides which we had created. So, get that going. Yeah, okay. All right. Branches network is Vivek and Asim. Operations. So, branch networks for Vivek and Irfan. Operations could be Vikas and Venkat. Treasury could be Peter, right? Vikas or Samyad. Sorry, sorry. I was a mute. Treasury. No, I don't think. Yeah, he's more of a cons guy. He's not a treasury professional. He's, I don't think, front office, mid office. Sumit and Ritu. Ritu. Sumit and Ritu are right. Yeah. Yeah. Finance is not happening at the moment. Administration and finance. So, I spoke to Shata. I spoke to Shata, Vikas and Pratyaksh. Shata is very open to the CTO. Okay. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He does the administration. He does the administration. Let's say Mahesh is the one who could do that very well. So, for administration instead of talking to and team, should we talk to and team. or and another girl which she said. Sia. Sia. Vikas, can you speak with along with Pratyaksh and the administrative RFP with him and understand whether they can deliver, they have the right skillsets or not. I will speak with Pratyaksh and and Shoya Bigbar. Yes. Yes. the finance side. Yeah sure. The other thing is that I was keen to, if you just see the laser, I was keen to move you and Raj on the right and Shata on the left from a leadership point of view. I haven't discussed this with the team which just came upon today. I wanted to move my team. Shata will have to be on the right. We'll have to change this format completely. We need to show some SMEs, we need to show some global folks. We may have to show some non-Omani Arab folks. Correct. Exactly. So for everyone, the relationship director always comes on the right, the QA always comes on the left. So Raj and Amit are going to be in terms of engagement. Relationship director comes on the right. I wanted to put my name and LR to the earth. Pratyek, hold on. Who's working on the team structure? Let them have one-on-one discussion with us. That's all. Okay. Next time. Let's go on the one-on-one discussion. Right? I'll pick it up separately with the team. Yeah. Then that's it. So we've got domain leads. We've got... How do you get any of these things? I need only these level of CPs and these level of contentious. I mean that was how we prepared it, right? Half page is what you had agreed which would make it like two on each. Half and half. Left and right. But if you say this is better because you have more names. Again, I'll just say this is better. I'll just say this is better. It's better because you have more names. I agree. I agree. I agree. I agree. I agree. I agree. I agree. This is better because you have more names. . Because the team had many elaborate CPs which I've asked him to shorten so I think this is better. Okay. Assumptions are basic assumptions. Everyone along with the fact that the RFP calls out certain exclusions, so the team has included those exclusions specifically as part of assumptions party. My request, my request would be that you, me and Vikas get into a 30-minute call and, then we can discuss this. We write the assumptions ourselves. Okay, cool man. With SID, we need to be super duper CYK. Okay, but last but not the least, there is a version that we prepare as a quick deck for the DRB and a version that we prepare for the actual submission. If you could just enumerate those details as well, at least we will be able to prepare the Friday deck faster and then add on by the Sunday deck, which is for final submission. No, but let's aim for, let's aim because you have already done a lot of work, let's aim to get the methodology and everything in place as we, as I explained a while back. Let's create this one version only. I don't want people to work on Fridays and Saturdays for the Sunday submission. Yeah. Let us complete this at our end itself, by Friday itself. Pratham, what do you think? I think it's a good idea to do it on that first day. There is enough happening in a human's life. Sure, sure. That's a good idea. Yeah, again, guys, feel free. If you are not able to focus, concentrate, client deliveries are taking a toll on you, feel free, call it up. We will all join hands. It's not that we are just parking the responsibilities to you, but we will all join hands and figure out how to navigate this. Yeah, Khushi. Sorry. So, we had mentioned that we are going to have a meeting with the board of directors. Yeah. And they have given a list of 232 regulations. Do we stick to that or as you mentioned that we have to narrow it down to specific global standards and specific local, so how do we do that? Do we get that list from the client or do we ourselves think about it and list it down? Again, please. Do we list down the regulations or use the 232 regulations given by the client? We will not be using all the 232 regulations. We would be looking at the main central bank of Oman regulations, the capital market authority regulations and some of the international standards. If you were responsible for mapping that out, have a word with Vikas and Vikas can truncate that list for you and we can call it out specifically that these are the regulations against which we are benchmarking on. So, the way I see this line happening is on the left pane I'm talking about as these dimensions, sub-dimensions and I'm listing those dimensions, sub-dimensions. Putting a footnote saying that this is not exhaustive and this will be done as a first piece of work when we come into the ground. On the middle pane is where I talk about the regulations basis which the benchmarking will be happening. The third pane will be when I'm talking about the entire capability maturity model. The fourth pane would be my maturity assessment where I'm going to be doing and fifth is the end output of the future state target model. So, I've got five models basically. That's how will I have the benchmarking. Thank you. So, I'm going to be doing these illustrations listed as a high level approach. Below that is where I put my canvas and assumptions. Understood. I don't know if that makes sense to you. I'm happy to draw it out very quickly. No, no. I understood. Thank you. Great. Yes. What else? Is everybody clear on this? Yes. Yes. The approach is clear. Yes. All right. So, Pratyash, distribute how everybody is working on what pieces. Share this live file with everyone so people can get that going and complete that without putting too much of effort and rework. That's the most important thing, guys. If anything which we need to aim for in this deck is de-agile, distribute and conquer and zero or limited rework. Okay. So, the live file is available. In fact, we just shared it on this group for all of us and Vikas, yourself and us and Nandini to have a look and we will make a . The split has already happened. Aditya is taking care. Aditya, you want to just run down. Agnew, you were on guard against the split that we had done. But if you do that separately, that's optimized time for everyone. That's internal to you and the team. We have no views on that, right? Okay. So, the only difference is that we have to now get in touch with all of us individually. That's it for the call. I guess nothing else. Yes. Sounds good, guys. Take care. All the best. Thank you. Bye-bye. Thank you. Bye-bye. Bye. Bye.